How do I spend most of my time at work? Most of my time at work is spent
walking the deck plates, walking the non osk, walking around, talking
to my sailors, um, finding out if there are any issues good, bad
or indifferent. Um, I like to have conversations with my sailors.
So and for me, that's how I spend most of my time at work. Um, this
is how I get to know them both on a professional and personal level,
walking through their different areas, different departments having
conversations, um, sitting down, talking to them about family, talking
to them about their careers. Some to me, it's more or less like
a just a common place instead of having them sit in my office where
it's a little bit more professional. So that's what I That's how I spend
most of my time at work walking around and I'm talking to my sales